**Project Name**
Mental Health Awareness Comic

**Project Description**
For this project, we created a 6-panel interactive comic strip that showcases a day in the life of people with a mental health illness and how they cope with it. Each panel shows individual people doing different activities to take care of themselves and improve their mental health. The first panel starts in the morning when the person wakes up all the way to the last panel when they go to sleep. In the fourth panel, all of the characters from the rest of the panels are displayed together in a support group to show how they come together and discuss what they have been doing or what they are yet to do. This panel is interactive and alternates between the characters where each of them reflects on how they take care of their mental health. Under our theme of Mental Health Awareness, we aim to represent at least one specific broad idea or an aspect that helps improve mental health in each panel. Examples include owning your feelings, finding the positive, eliminating toxic influences, creating healthy routines, supporting others, and connecting with others. All of the panels are displayed in a sidebar on the left side of the screen on top of each other to show how the story flows and allow the users to move to the panel of their choice. The bigger, right side of the screen presents each panel individually and the user can scroll through to look at all the panels. 

**Process**
As a team, we started off by meeting to discuss the theme/idea that we want to implement and this is when we chose Mental Health Awareness. We then met again to figure out what type of story we want to present, how we want to go about it, and what we want to be drawn or displayed in the individual panels. In terms of the website itself, we also discussed several layouts and chose to have the panels displayed under one another where the user can scroll down to see them or use a sidebar option that we would add on the left to go to any desired panel at any point as well. We also decided that we want our concept to be hand-drawn and traced on illustrator, and consequently, started building the website as described. We met a couple of times in the middle to discuss our progress and give each other feedback about the different elements and how we want to improve or change them. We finished most of the code and left placeholder images until we had the actual pictures that we want to be displayed. Once we had the pictures for all 6 panels, we started adding more interactivity, such as switching between images to show a conversation between the different characters. 

**Reflection and Evaluation**
Overall, we have successfully implemented our initial concept and met our goals and expectations in the process of building the final working version. 
